---
layout: inner
title: 'Autonomous Parking Takes Over FORD Factory!'
date: 2023-4-05 14:15:00
categories: development
type: project
tags: Ford AVP AVP-type2 Kopernikus KopernikusAuto
featured_image: '/img/posts/ford/stable.png'
comments: false
lead_text: 'This is the latest demo to date of our product in a fully operation vehicle manufactoring plant'
---

# Kopernikus Automotive AVP System in FORD Manufacturing Plant

I am thrilled to share our latest achievement at Kopernikus Automotive - successfully implementing our cutting-edge AVP (Automated Valet Parking) system in a fully operational FORD vehicle manufacturing plant. As a principal ML engineer at Kopernikus, I have been fortunate enough to be part of a team that developed the best AVP system on the market, using advanced computer vision and offboard sensors to drive cars autonomously within the factory.

Having an automated system like ours in a bustling vehicle manufacturing plant is a game-changer. It streamlines the production process, increases efficiency, and decreases cost, all that while significantly reducing the risk of human error. It has been incredibly exciting to have the opportunity to be part of paving new paths in the automotive industry, thanks to machine learning and our team's dedication. Witnessing our technology being utilized by a renowned brand like FORD is truly rewarding and reinforces our commitment to revolutionizing the automotive industry with our innovative solutions.

To give you a glimpse of our AVP system in action, here are a few videos demonstrating its capabilities within the FORD manufacturing plant. Witness how our system smoothly navigates through the busy factory floor, showcasing its unparalleled precision and reliability.

We are excited to continue pushing the boundaries of what's possible in the realm of autonomous driving and factory automation.


<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/16977lFdZH0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---
